added info about validator to data time checklist (#42)
mate-academy/jv-program-common-mistakes: java-core/java-eight-part-two/date-time-api.md

#### Don't complicate if-else construction.
[Videso with example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-UmyrbGjwE&list=PL7FuXFaDeEX1smwnp-9ri8DBpgdo7Msu2)

#### If you create a formatter/use custom timezone, make it a constant field. Remember about informative names and `private` access modifiers.

#### Avoid magic numbers in your code.
They are should be constants.

#### Avoid calling LocalDate.now multiple times in one method. Let's create a variable in the method for this purpose.

> LocalDate.now() gives us a different result if the next day has come. Of course, your code won't run for such a long time(I hope), but it's a good habit especially if you'll be working with LocalDateTime.now() method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LocalDate.now() gives us a different result if the next day has come. Of course, your code won't run for such a long time(I hope), but it's a good habit especially if you're working with LocalDateTime.now() method.
```
